Update doc for Kokkos::InitializationSettings (#186)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/ProgrammingGuide/Initialization.rst

`Kokkos::initialize <../API/Initialize-and-Finalize.html#kokos-initialize>`_ parses the command line for flags prefixed with `--kokkos-`, and removes all recognized flags. Argument options are given with an equals (`=`) sign. If the same argument occurs more than once, the last one is used. For example, the arguments

    --kokkos-threads=4 --kokkos-threads=3

set the number of threads to 3. Table 5.1 gives a full list of command-line options.

Table 5.1: Command-line options for Kokkos::initialize

.. list-table::

  * - Argument
    - Description
  * - --kokkos-help --help
    - print this message
  * - --kokkos-disable-warnings     
    - disable kokkos warning messages
  * - --kokkos-print-configuration 
    - print configuration
  * - --kokkos-tune-internals      
    - allow Kokkos to autotune policies and declare tuning features through the tuning system. If left off, Kokkos uses heuristics.
  * - --kokkos-num-threads=INT     
    - specify total number of threads to use for parallel regions on the host

>   * - --kokkos-map-device-id-by=(random\|mpi_rank)  
>     - strategy to select device-id automatically from available devices: random or mpi_rank:sup:`2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * - --kokkos-map-device-id-by=(random\|mpi_rank)  
    - strategy to select device-id automatically from available devices: random or mpi_rank:sup:`2`, default: mpi_rank
```

  * - --kokkos-tools-libs=STR      
    - specify which of the tools to use. Must either be full path to library or name of library if the path is present in the runtime library search path (e.g. LD_LIBRARY_PATH)
  * - --kokkos-tools-help          
    - query the (loaded) kokkos-tool for its command-line option support (which should then be passed via --kokkos-tools-args="...")
  * - --kokkos-tools-args=STR      
    - a single (quoted) string of options which will be whitespace delimited and passed to the loaded kokkos-tool as command-line arguments. E.g. `<EXE> --kokkos-tools-args="-c input.txt"` will pass `<EXE> -c input.txt` as argc/argv to tool

When passing a boolean as a string, the acceptable values are:
 - true, yes, 1
 - false, no, 0

The values are case insensitive.

> :sup:`1` This is the preferred set of defaults when CUDA and OpenMP are enabled. If you use a thread-parallel host execution space, we prefer Kokkos' OpenMP back-end, as this ensures compatibility of Kokkos' threads with the application's direct use of OpenMP threads. Kokkos cannot promise that its Threads back-end will not conflict with the application's direct use of operating system threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:sup:`1` This is the preferred set of defaults when CUDA and OpenMP are enabled. If you use a thread-parallel host execution space, we prefer Kokkos' OpenMP backend, as this ensures compatibility of Kokkos' threads with the application's direct use of OpenMP threads. Kokkos cannot promise that its Threads backend will not conflict with the application's direct use of operating system threads.
```
for consistency

If you do not set `num_threads`, Kokkos will try to determine a default value if possible or otherwise set it to 1. In particular, Kokkos can use the `hwloc` library to determine default settings using the assumption that the process binding mask is unique, i.e., that this process does not share any cores with another process. Note that the default value of each parameter is -1.

Here is an example of how to use the struct.

.. code-block:: cpp

    Kokkos::InitializationSettings settings;
    // 8 (CPU) threads
    settinge.set_num_threads(8);
    // If Kokkos was built with CUDA enabled, use the GPU with device ID 1.
    settings.set_device_id(1);

    Kokkos::initialize(settings);

5.4 Finalization
----------------

> At the end of each program, Kokkos needs to be shut down in order to free resources; do this by calling `Kokkos::finalize() <../API/core/initialize_finalize/finalize.html>`_. You may wish to set this to be called automatically at program exit, either by setting an `atexit` hook or by attaching the function to `MPI_COMM_SELF` so that it is called automatically at `MPI_Finalize`.

Reviewer 2: I think the `atexit` or `MPI_COMM_SELF` thing is rather confusing. Perhaps we can split the paragraph to make visible that it is only an advanced use.
